## Microsoft MVP | Microsoft Certified Trainer | Application Development Manager | C# Corner MVP | Solution Architect | CSM, CSPO, MCTS, MCP | .NET Full Stack Expert | Tech Blogger | Community Speaker | @rijsat.com 🤝
I am a technology Enthusiast with 12 plus years working experiences with Software Development and Business Applications .NET Technologies, SharePoint, Power Platform, Data, AI, Azure, ML, and cognitive services.
Furthermore, I have professional skills in .NET technologies and modern stacks such as ASP.NET Core, C#, Blazor, Web API, Angular, Cloud Native Apps, Application Modernization, Azure, DevOps, Rational and NoSQL database, open-source, Power Platforms, SharePoint, and RPA technologies. <br>
I have experience in a variety of industries, including Telco, banking and financing, healthcare, and retail, and I have been successful in leading software development and developing software that is both user-friendly and meets the high standards of these industries. Likewise, he is responsible for full lifecycle development of next-generation software, from initial requirement gathering to design, coding, testing, documentation, and implementation. <br>
Known for excellent client-facing skills, I have participated in proposals and presentations that have landed six-figure contracts. I excel in merging business and user needs into high-quality, cost-effective design solutions while keeping within budgetary constraints. <br>
My technical expertise includes cross-platform proficiency and advanced knowledge of developer applications, tools, methodologies, and best practices that can comply with all relevant technical standards and have a proven track record of delivering all specified project outcomes on time, within budget and to the quality required. <br>
I am also a Microsoft MVP, Microsoft Certified Trainer, Microsoft Certified Data Analyst Associate, Microsoft Certified Azure Data Scientist Associate, CSM, CSPO, MCTS, MCP, with 15+ Microsoft Certifications. I am an Application Development Manager in Tech One Global as well as leading Facebook community Cloud Experts Group and SharePoint User Group Nepal. Additionally, I am keen to learn new technologies, write articles, and love to contribute to the open-source community. Visit his blog RIJSAT.COM for extensive articles, courses, news, videos and issues resolution specially for developers and data engineers.

<!---
rijwanansari/rijwanansari is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
